Okay.
So we ended the previous lesson by observing the warnings that we were seeing in our terminal test output.
And what's happening is the view test utils is telling us that it's running into a component called
Find Awesome Icon and it doesn't know what that is.
Our globally registered font Awesome Icon component is not available when we mount the sub nav component
in isolation in our tests, and that's exactly what our tests are warning us about.
So I'd like you to think about the font awesome icon here in line number five and it's relevant.
And what I mean by that is, is it really important that the tests care about what font awesome icon
is?
And I would argue the answer is no for the purposes of the tests.
The tests only care about two details whether we are displaying the job count and whether we are not
displaying the job count.
So the tests really care about this outer div or at least some element that's going to have the data
test attribute on it.
And whether it is present or not present for the purposes of the user experience and for the tests,
we don't really care about this component right here.
We don't care about whether it's a font awesome icon or an icon from another library.
We don't really care about whether it's a magnifying glass or some kind of other font.
Awesome icon, like a refrigerator or a giraffe.
We don't care for the purposes of this test, but unfortunately our implementation is always trying
to render this font awesome icon component because the test details are trying to render everything
that they see in this template.
So what we can use here is a feature called Stubs.
So what a stub is, is basically a replacement or a stand in for an existing component.
The analogy that I like to use is a stuntman in a movie.
Whenever you're shooting in a movie and you have some kind of dangerous stunt, you don't have the real
actor perform the job.
You put in a stand in a replacement, a stuntman who takes care of that dangerous work.
It's sort of a similar idea here.
What we can do with a stub is tell Vue and the view test utils that whenever it sees a font awesome
icon, we want it to replace it with something else.
Now we can actually get pretty granular, granular in our tests and tell you what to replace it with.
For example, we can say whenever you run into a font, awesome icon, replace it with an H one element
or AP element or a dip.
We can get that granular, but in this scenario, since we don't really care what we can tell, view
is, hey, just replace it with anything, whatever you want as a testing library, whatever you want
to replace this font awesome icon with, just replace it with your choice.
Right?
And to be honest, I don't know under the hood what vue test utils is going to replace this font awesome
icon component width, but it's going to replace it with some kind of valid code or valid HTML.
And thus whenever the component mounts, we're no longer going to be referencing the original font,
awesome icon, global component.
We're going to be rendering or referencing that replacement, which we call a stub.
And thus because Vue and Vue test utils will know what that stub is, it's going to be something local
to the test rather than the separate global component from a totally different library.
The tests will no longer give us this warning.
So again, to summarize, a stub is simply a simple replacement for an existing component.
In another component, we're going to swap them out.
We're going to replace them.
We're going to find all occurrences of font, awesome icon and swap it with something else.
Okay.
And that is going to ensure that our warnings go away.
And again, the reason why we have permission to do this is because for these tests, we don't care
about font awesome icon being here.
We're not testing that this aspect exists.
We are just testing that the job count is present.
So here in our configuration, we're not going to edit anything about our assertions.
It's all going to happen in our set up of our mount.
So in our data configuration object or rather in our component configuration object, which is the second
argument to mount above data, I'm going to provide another property name which is global.
And again, this name is not up to us.
It's a requirement and I'm going to make this an object and provide the comma here.
And this is set in kind of the global settings of the component.
You can almost think of it the same way as we're setting a global components.
When we registered the font awesome icon in the actual implementation, we're setting some higher level
settings for the global A component or the global view application that governs this smaller subset
of component.
And in here we're going to have a key called Stubs.
Again, that name is not up to us and this is going to be set to an object.
And here in this object is where we can actually write our own specification.
So the way this works is the properties or the keys in this object represent the components that we
want to stub out that we want to replace whenever the test you.
LS mount a submarine component.
So what I'm going to write here is a key, a font, awesome icon.
Now I know that I am using a spelling of this component that is different from what we have on line
number five on the sub nav component file on the left.
But that is totally fine because remember Vue is able to differentiate between upper camel case as well
as kebab case with hyphens and it treats them as equivalent.
So this is the way the arm, the component appears when we're importing it and main that yes.
And this is also fine for us to reference it this way here.
Vue will be able to tell that we want to replace this font awesome icon simply by using this terminology
here.
But of course this is an object.
So we have to provide a value and the value we provide is simply true.
So the reason why we have a boolean set up here is if we have multiple different components being rendered
and we want to set out some of them but not others, we can put a true for the ones that we do want
to stub out or in other words, the ones we do want to replace and a false for the ones that we do not.
And again, if we were to go deeper into the view test utils documentation, we can find ways to customize
what we actually replace font awesome icon with.
But again, we don't care about that right now.
So a simple value of true will tell the test.
Hey, just replace it with something.
I don't care about what but don't use the real font.
Awesome.
I component use a replacement.
So I'm going to copy this logic and of course I'm going to place it down below in this test as well.
So once again, in our configuration object, which is the second argument to our mount function, I'm
going to place this object with a global key, or rather add the global key inside that object.
I have a stubs key set to another object.
Our property is going to be the component.
We want to step out and the value is going to be true.
All right.
And if we look at our running tests, you'll actually see that those warnings from our sub nav tests
have gone away.
We are still left with the same warning from our main nav test that she has file.
And we're going to come back to that test in an upcoming lesson.
But for now, we have resolved the issues in our subnet component and our tests are focusing on what
they really care about the conditional rendering of our job results.
Right?
So that's when you could use stubs and tests whenever you want to replace a child component being rendered.
And in this case, when you don't care about what you replace it with, you just don't need it for the
purposes of the test and the business logic that you are testing.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.